Mr. Fu, what are you doing?
I'm a doctor.
The required course in medicine is to dissect cadavers
Whether it is a man or a woman
There's no mystery in their bodies.
In my eyes, it's just human tissue
That's why you're not interested in women
Slimming is just a skin
Most important
Is the soul inside
Only the soul is precious enough
To interest me
It's a pity that most women in the world
The soul is the same as their appearance
Shallow and boring
You deserve to be single until now
What are you looking at?
Isn't it the result of the human body
Just looking is not enough
I'm going to explore
Inside Out
To the room
Wait a minute, it's almost time for beauty sleep.
Is 3 minutes enough for you?
3 minutes hmm
Men are usually short for the first time.
Kiss me, don't try to sleep